Naim Ayat
UID: 104733125
CS 35L Assignment 1 
Laboratory: Linux and Emacs scavenger hunt
April 7, 2017

1.) I used "man -k searchTerm", where searchTerm is the word 
    to be found. To arrive at this answer, I went to "man man" 
    and searched for "search" to find the "-k" command.

2.) cp is at /bin/cp and wc is at /usr/bin/wc.
    I found these using the "which" command, as discussed in class.

3.) I used "find usr/bin -name "?" -executable" to find all the 
    single-character executables in /usr/bin. I found three executables: 
    w, [, and X, whose descriptions I found in man and help.
	w - Show who is logged on and what they are doing.
	[ - No manual entry for this, but help says it can execute 
	    conditional commands and evaluate conditional expressions.
	X - A portable, network-transparent window system.

4.) I used "ls -l /usr/bin/emacs" to find that the symbolic link actually 
    points to the command at /etc/alternatives/emacs.

5.) From class (and "man chmod"), I know that g+s gives a group permission 
    to set group ID on execution. Moreover, o-x removes execute 
    permissions from other users not in the file's group.

6.) Using "man find" and searching for the term "modified", I discovered that 
    "find -mtime n" allows you to search for files that have been 
    modified in the last n days. Thus, to find files modified in the 
    last three weeks, I used "find -mtime 21".

7.) Using "man find" and searching for the term "type", I discovered that find 
    "-mtime 21 -type d" will allow me to find the directories modified in the 
    last 3 weeks. For me, these were ./Desktop/Visual Studio 2015, ./Downloads, 
    ./.cache/abrt. This is because I recently tested my CS 32 homework from 
    last quarter using GNU.

8.) First, I used "which find" to discover that find is located at /bin/find. 
    Then, I used "man wc" (we learned about wc in class) to find that "wc -l" 
    counts lines. With the manual knowledge that "find -type l" finds symbolic 
    links, I finally used "find /bin -type l | wc -l" to conclude that there 
    are 20 symbolic links in /bin.

9.) Using the manual for "ls" and searching for "time", I found that "-t" sorts 
    by modification time and "-l" lists one file per line. Thus, using 
    "ls /user/lib -lt" and looking at the last entry in the list with its 
    first character as "-" (indicating it to be a regular file), I found that 
    libgamin-1.so.0.1.10 is the oldest (modified, Mar 3 2010).

10.) According to locale's manual page, it gets its data from LC_* 
     environment variables.

11.) I ran emacs and typed "C-h ?" (as prompted by the program) to get help 
     options. The following prompt said that pressing "a" would allow me to 
     search the names of commands, so I pressed "a" and searched for the word 
     "sort". This opened a list of sort commands in another window. I switched 
     my cursor to the new window with "C-x o", as stated in the GNU Emacs 
     Reference Card. The sort commands I found are as follows:
	Buffer-menu-sort
	Buffer-menu-sort-by-column
	ibuffer-invert-sorting
	ibuffer-toggle-sorting-mode
	rmail-sort-by-author
	rmail-sort-by-correspondent
	rmail-sort-by-date
	rmail-sort-by-labels
	rmail-sort-by-lines
	rmail-sort-by-recipient
	rmail-sort-by-subject
	sort-columns
	sort-fields
	sort-lines
	sort-numeric-fields
	sort-pages
	sort-paragraphs
	sort-regexp-fields

12.) Again, as prompted by "C-h ?", I found that pressing "b" would allow me to 
     view all key bindings. Using "C-s" to search for the first binding in question 
     and referencing the GNU Emacs Manual, I found:
	C-M-a (beginning-of-defun): Move to the beginning of a defun (function definition).
	C-M-b (backward-sexp): Move backward along a sexp (balanced expression).
	C-M-c (exit-recursive-edit): Exit from the innermost recursive edit.
	C-M-d (down-list): Move down in parenthesis structure.
	C-M-e (end-of-defun): Move to the end of a defun.
	C-M-f (forward-sexp): Move forward along a sexp.
	C-M-h (mark-defun): Put a region around the whole current or following defun.

13.) By the same method as in the previous question, I found that "C-g"
     (keyboard quit) quits/cancels a running or partially typed command.

14.) Once again entering the help menu with "C-h ?", I found that pressing 
     "f" allows me to search for and retrieve the description of a command. 
     Thus, I discovered that yank reinserts (pastes) the stretch of killed 
     text most recently killed or yanked.

15.) The Emacs "dired" command details the amount of memory available in the 
     directory, while "ls -l" does not. Emacs also defaults to white text for 
     regular files, while "ls -l" uses green.